"Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it." - Samuel Johnson 
"It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information." - Oscar Wilde
"Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in infomation?" - T.S. Eliot 
"DNA is like a computer program but far, far more advanced than any software ever created." - Bill Gates
"Information is not knowledge." - Albert Einstein 
"It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts." - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle,  Sherlock Holmes 
"The problems are solved, not by giving new information, but by arranging what we have known since long." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"Opinion is usually something which people have when they lack comprehensive information." - Idries Shah
"What we find changes who we become." - Peter Morville 
"What a culture we live in, we are swimming in an ocean of information, and drowning in ignorance." - Richard Paul Evans
"My idea of good company, Mr. Eliot, is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company." - Jane Austen
"I was brought up to believe that the only thing worth doing was to add to the sum of accurate information in the world." - Margaret Mead 
"Learning isn't acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired." - Criss Jami
"There's no going back, and there's no hiding the information. So let everyone have it." - Andrew Kantor 
"The purpose of collecting so much information can only be power." - Nick Drake
"Information can be harmful when you're not ready for it" - Richard Walter
"Books deliver information so that experience has a chance to exercise creativity." - Richard Diaz
"Information is the mortar that both builds and destroys empires" - Tobsha Learner
"We either need an overwhelming force advantage, or we need more information." - Howard Tayler
"Failure is not the deterrent for the next try. Rather, it is information that empowers the next step." - Craig D
"There is more to knowing than just knowing." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana 
"We need not know the how and the why to profit from knowing the that." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"information is to knowledge what meaning is to comprehension" - Davide Lo Vetere
"All answers to why are information. All answers to how are knowledge." - Raheel Farooq
"It is possible to drown in information... and die for lack of wisdom." - Marjorie M. Liu
"It's impossible to gather too much information." - Juli Zeh
"Yet... not enough information... will screw you up." - Deyth Banger
"We awaken by asking the right questions." - Suzy Kassem
"Trade isn't about goods. Trade is about information. Goods sit in the warehouse until information moves them." - C.J. Cherryh
"Make information your servant, perspective your reward, and openness your principle."  - Ashlecka Aumrivani 
"Information is the key to success, anywhere and everywhere. Right information matters the most. This applies to your work place too." - Abhishek Ratna
"Find as much information about your subject as you can" - Sunday Adelaja
"Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family." - Kofi Annan
"Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders." - Ronald Reagan
"Information rules the world." - Winston Churchill
"I've got volumes on how not to behave. I've got more information now than a guy should have at my age." - Charlie Sheen
"This revolution, the information revoultion, is a revolution of free energy as well, but of another kind: free intellectual energy" - Steve Jobs
"The number one benefit of information technology is that it empowers people to do what they want to do." - Steve Ballmer
"People have really gotten comfortable not only sharing more information and different kinds, but more openly and with more people" - Mark Zuckerberg
